welcome to the falcon and the winter
soldier episode 5
crammed captain america literally runs
away from his problems
but sam and bucky call it as it is
walker is no longer in a fit state to
carry the shield
so they tried to talk him down but his
insecurities as well as his strengths
have been increased by the serum and
he's seeing enemies in
every corner each one of these men is a
trained
super agent with years of experience
using their techniques and equipment to
out
fight each other the boys are going for
the shield but
john walker seems to be going for the
kill and he
rips off the falcons wings before the
boys work together
to dislocate jon's arm as they tear the
shield off him
before finishing business with a wwf
take down combo
bucky has been telling sam since day one
that
this needed to happen long before people
got hurt
and long before the legacy of his best
friend became
tainted in blood back in washington the
council strips walker of his captain
america status
and discharge him from the military but
jw is sick of them all
he's dedicated his whole life to live by
their mandates
and become captain america only to be
thrown
under the bus and so he walks out on the
hearing
his wife offers support but they're
interrupted by the mysterious contessa
valentina allegra de fontaine
also known as viveep who seems to
represent a group that thinks he did the
right thing
and consider him a valuable asset for
now having that serum in his blood
he pays his respect to lamar's grieving
family and tells a different version of
events where the man he killed was the
one directly
responsible for his friend's death bucky
catches up to zemo back in sokovia
by the memorial for those lost to ultron
he's
done running away but reminds the winter
soldier
that the only way to stop carly now is
to kill her
however the white wolf has grown to be
more than just a killer
and fedora milaje take him away sam
might have the shield
but he's unresolved about what it
represents
and he goes back to visit isaiah who
won't even look at
it he was a rare successful test subject
of the super soldier serum
but too black for america to consider as
a hero
so instead he was appallingly
experimented on
and locked up for 30 years while the
government
told the world he was dead the dark
history of the captain america program
that was
kept quiet all this time he then
returned home and focuses on fixing the
family boat with his sister
calling in favors from everyone that
their parents had helped out
over the years and the community comes
together to do some good
bucky visits as well with a present he
got from the wakandans
some hard work and simpler problems to
solve does
everyone some good and they eventually
come to communicate with each other
openly
sam is starting to train with the shield
but as a black american
the legacy of it is complicated
something that bucky hadn't considered
when he was being angry at sam for not
accepting it in the first place
and sam counsels bucky to stop placing
his own self-worth
in steve rogers opinion of him and to go
put things right for the other people on
his list
and ultimately for himself and the two
partners
finally see each other as friends the
global repatriation council have shut
down the latvian refugee camp
in response to the flag smashers and
want to push a vote
on the patch act which would close
international borders again
and deport 20 million refugees out of
the various countries
that had previously welcomed them in
with open arms
for the last five years basically saying
thanks for helping to keep our economies
and infrastructure going after thanos is
snapping but
now that everyone is back we don't need
you anymore
so please just go away and over in
madrid
sharon carter seems to be playing both
sides
as she acts as a fixer to help the flag
smashers
also hire batroc who's not actually
interested in their cause
but is keen to kill the falcon so during
the vote of the grc
hq the flag smashers who have plenty of
sympathizers to their cause
make their next move oh my god
oh and also john walker is just making
his own captain america cosplay
so thanks a lot for watching and
remember to click the subscribe button
in order to lose weight and have clearer
skin the series finale is coming up and
i'm pretty excited to see what happens
so i'll see you next time guys and take
care